Missing children has become an epidemic for our people.
Mom reported her missing four months ago.
Could be a victim of trafficking.
Hayley. give me something. okay?
You got to help me find you guys.
Another stop they take us to.
The place with the trees. Get us there.
- What about... - You have to let me go.
Hayley falls right into our hands and Kayce tosses her back
- to a killer. - The place
with the trees isn't about actual trees.
It's a logo.
Camper's how Bludsoe's moving them.
They're gone.
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-
Why are you pumping lead this early?
Just clearing my head.
So. no news on Hayley?
So much for honoring Mom by finding her.
I'm guessing those combos means there's nothing new
- about the missing girls. huh?
Kurt Bludsoe and his scumbag henchmen are still dead.
and the FBI is still slow-walking
information requests.
Two days of round-the-clock work
and no new actionables.
Hey. I've let you stall long enough.
Okay? You have to do Ava's next-of-kin notification today.
no matter what.
Finding the girls is my priority.
Why rush the worst day of her mom's life?
Because Sera deserves to know the truth. Miles.
so giving her a shot at closure is your new priority.
Maybe Kayce should tell her.
Then he can swing by Hayley's mom's after.
share how he let her daughter go.
It's just his emotions talking.
Got an update.
Bludsoe visited a mechanic shop shortly before we killed him.
Thinking that's where he ditched the girls?
Maybe. He called the mechanic
on his cell. Eli Craig.
Uh. the guy's got no sheet. but it's worth pursuing.
Put thousands of miles on that camper
crossing the region. you know. it stands to reason
that he'd need a tune-up every now and then.
Better than anything we've got.
Mm. Well. Miles and I are doing the notification today.
so the rest of y'all. dig into the connections
between Bludsoe and this mechanic Craig.
We should figure out who the other nine girls are.
Get their faces out there. see if someone spots one.
- On it. - Only works
if they call it in instead of letting them go.
Ava's mother is at work. so...
we're gonna do the notification there.
Great. At Rainwater's office.
Should be hunting for the girls rather than flaunting my failure
to the chairman.
Can't blame yourself for a fight
that even Rainwater said he can't take on.
People of Broken Rock deserve better.
And Ava's mother deserves hearing the worst
from someone who cares.
And as painful as that is for you. Miles...
...that's why you need to be there.
You done these before?
Yeah. some for men who died 'cause of calls I made.
That's got to be rough.
You know...
...I took the Angel Flight with the first teammate I lost.
And the XO of the team and I. we-we made the notification
to his wife and his kid.
And. uh...
...I couldn't even get a word out.
And afterwards. that XO.
he pulled me aside and he said to me.
"We do this job because others can't."
Bludsoe spent less time at the mechanic
than he did at any of the truck stops he visited.
Safe to assume he wasn't there pimping the girls.
He had to have dropped them somewhere.
and this is the last point of contact
before we caught up with Bludsoe.
So. Craig is the next link in the trafficking chain?
We bring him in for questioning. my interrogation's a lot easier
if I already have most of the answers.
Parking lot across the street has security cameras.
Bet you one is aimed at the shop.
Receptionist called. saying U.S. Marshals were here.
And I said that couldn't be true.
because I'm certain I would be their first call
if they had any information about our missing girls.
Well. that's my mistake. sir.
I thought it was appropriate
to speak with Ava's mother first.
Speak with her?
About what?
I see.
My worst fears have come true once again.
Tragedy is one of the few things
Broken Rock has in abundance.
How did you learn of Ava's fate?
Hayley. She told Kayce.
Right before he let her go.
Uh. Hayley. though. made it clear. sir. that...
...if she had left. other girls would've been killed.
- And so. Kayce
took that risk in order to protect the rest of the group.
And how can he protect them when you can't find them?
Forty-three girls have been
reported missing from reservations in Montana
over the past two years.
Forty-three?
Fourteen had contact with your guy Greeneyes44.
Doing my best to identify the other predators.
Forty-three doesn't even seem possible.
And those are just the ones reported.
Miles. I didn't expect to see you again so soon.
Was Ava's social media information useful?
Uh...
- Thing is. ma'am. um... - Ma'am?
You've called me "Auntie" since you were in diapers.
Miles. what's going on?
Uh. ma'am. uh...
I mean. Auntie.
it's. um...
It's not. uh...
What happened?
I am so sorry. ma'am.
but Ava's no longer with us.
She was killed by the men trafficking her.
No.
Please.
Ava's on a better journey now.
No. Ava.
My deepest condolences.
My baby...
There's Bludsoe.
That could be Craig.
Okay. so. Bludsoe's timeline has him there
at 3:48 p.m. two days ago.
He's there for eight minutes until...
Who the hell is this?
What is this. some sort of meet?
How long are they in there?
Less than five minutes.
Uh. can you zoom in?
That's an Iron Sentinels vest.
The girls are in the hands of a violent motorcycle gang.
Wheatland County deputies detained Eli Craig for us.
but he has lawyered up and not talking.
Uh. so best-case scenario.
the girls are being run by an outlaw biker gang.
Iron Sentinels are a true one-percenter gang.
They're ultraviolent and highly organized.
Any ties to sex trafficking?
Drugs and weapons are their big operation.
but they're a mafia on wheels.
If they can profit from it. they'll do it.
They've got a clubhouse out by Cowan.
Place is a full-on biker bar.
Always busy. heavily fortified.
Not a door you want to kick.
Okay. Let's get surveillance up.
see if we can get eyes on these girls.
How'd it go with Ava's mom?
You walk out of a notification thinking it went well...
...didn't do it right.
I choked.
My dad's partner
notified our family after he was killed.
Just doing his job. but...
I hated him for it.
Tore him a new one.
That's hard to imagine.
I didn't cry at my dad's funeral.
I was too overwhelmed by the loss to actually grieve.
Tears can't fix a hole in your heart.
Maybe not. but...
...that flat. hollow feeling
kept spreading.
until I acknowledged my grief
and gave it a shape.
What the hell kind of shape are you supposed to give
that kind of pain?
Any kind. as long as you control it
instead of the other way around.
Maybe you hold it gently.
Maybe you walk through it and find closure.
It's different for everyone.
This isn't working.
If we can't go in. maybe we can drive them out.
You want to pull a fire alarm?
Call in a bomb threat?
How are you gonna force them out of their sanctuary?
By going after what they love.
Clubhouse is clearing out. Go.
The girls aren't here.
They're heading back in.
All right. you're clear.
Grab whatever intel you can.
We got to move. Come on.
Done.
Cell phone we ripped suggests the girls could be
at an Iron Sentinels rally
happening up at the Milk River valley area.
And that rally will bring in chapters
from around the country.
Bikers going off into the wild getting weird
could mean a demand for girls.
I pulled a text from the cell phone we ripped.
Says. "Brimstone's bringing the entertainment."
Entertainment?
That could be drugs. y'all.
And Bludsoe could've dumped them elsewhere for all we know.
Right?
It's the girls.
Yeah. who's this "Brimstone"?
Uh. Keith Stelton. an Iron Sentinel nomad.
Nomads are the most feared members of the biker gangs.
They don't have a home chapter. and are a combination
of the club's fixers and enforcers.
Deserved rep based off of Brimstone's sheet.
Assault. battery. armed robbery.
and he's been investigated for weapons
and narcotics distribution.
He's a guy who can move things.
Yeah. but can you link him
to whatever went down at the mechanic's?
Texts indicate he arrived
an hour before the van visited Craig's garage.
Connection to the girls is still thin. Dre.
Okay? And I got Gifford
up my ass for spending so much time on this. y'all.
Well. then. he'll be happy to know that if the girls
aren't at the rally. the trail will have run cold.
Okay. Reach out to state and local police.
see if we can plus up our forces. Hey.
And if we can get the support. then we'll hit the rally.
What's going on?
Forgive the imposition.
Tate was expecting us.
Came to help him to prepare for the ceremony.
but his horse is gone.
Are you taking a break from the investigation?
'Cause time must be running low.
as are our hopes.
I came home to check on my son.
Hayley news hit him pretty hard.
Timing can't be easy on him.
marking a year without a mother.
a friend taken by wolves.
And a father who returned her to the very same pack.
Did you come here to beat me up?
'Cause I've been doing plenty of that myself.
Well. from what Mo tells me.
you've been punishing more than yourself.
Listen. retribution is a form of justice.
But don't confuse vengeance with closure.
Only one brings peace.
Well. vengeance is the one I believe in.
The tighter we cling to our grief.
the bigger shadow our sorrow casts behind us.
Finding our girls
is the type of closure that even you can believe in. Kayce.
Once you bring us this peace.
and if you find the pack of wolves
preying on our children...
...slaughter them all.
Okay. where are we with federal assets?
Same place as our local assets: nowhere.
They either don't have the resources
or they won't allocate them.
I'm starting to feel Chairman Rainwater's pain.
So. if we make any moves on this biker rally.
we'll be operating solo.
No. We cannot pull off direct action
on this rally with only five shooters.
But we get eyes and ears inside the rally.
locate the girls.
may help convince the other agencies to spin up.
plus up our manpower.
It's a members-only rally. okay?
We get caught poking around with this crew.
and we're gonna be in a hurt locker.
A marshal would stand out. but a biker wouldn't.
Okay.
You mind telling me what the hell you're getting at?
I ran an undercover sting
against the Iron Sentinels a few years back.
My mark was a member of the St. Louis chapter.
Yeah. I heard about that op.
Took down most of the Iron Sentinels' leadership.
If Belle reactivates that cover.
we've got eyes and ears inside the rally.
Yeah. and when you show up out of the blue.
you're gonna raise suspicions.
Not if she brings something they want.
Still got that meth we took down a few months ago?
Drug dealing is one of the Iron Sentinels'
biggest profit centers.
Okay. what if your contact connects the dots.
thinks you're entrapping him with the drugs?
Mm. based on our history.
he'll have something else on his mind when he sees me.
Okay.
If you can confirm your contact will be there.
I will green-light this op.
Hey. buddy.
I came out here hoping Mom would cheer me up.
She usually does.
Hard to believe it's been a year.
I know how you're feeling.
Losing your mom put a hole in my heart that'll never heal.
I don't need cheering up about the anniversary.
I'm not the one avoiding it.
I just can't stop thinking that Hayley would be safe
if we'd done something when we saw her.
You're not to blame. son.
Fault lies with me.
Mom led us to that truck stop...
...and we didn't deliver.
I disappointed her.
No. that's the last thing you ever did.
You made her whole world bright.
All the more reason to come to the ceremony tomorrow night.
Got to keep my foot on the gas hunting for Hayley.
Rainwater and Mo still here?
I don't want to disappoint Mom tomorrow. too.
Someone's got to honor her memory.
I know you been ducking me after the shenanigans you pulled
at that Iron Sentinel clubhouse.
Shenanigans bear any fruit?
They did. though you might have gone a little overboard
with the. uh. destruction of property and trespassing.
Well. we used to call that "diversion tactics."
Too bad we're not in the sandbox anymore.
What we're fighting for isn't any less important.
Man. I keep warning you. you keep playing outside the lines.
it's gonna cost us our badges.
Are we worried about our badges or finding these girls?
The hell's this?
Prepping to send Belle into the biker rally undercover.
Got 15 kilos here.
Plenty to entice the Iron Sentinels.
Confirmed Squirrel.
my old contact. will be attending the rally.
Let's go.
If you get burned. you're gonna be on your own.
It's not my first rodeo.
Be nice if you could trust me.
I just never like having a teammate downrange alone.
I'm happy to do it for these girls.
And they're as good as gone if we don't try this.
All right. Kayce. Andrea. we're gonna need a mobile HQ
to survey their rally. and Miles.
let's get all the hard armor and rifles.
just in case this thing goes sideways. okay?
Get ready for the ball. Cinderella.
Let's go.
Hey.
What are you gonna tell your husband?
Well. I don't know how that's any of your business.
It's not.
I just imagine how worried he'd be.
I'd tell him he's got nothing to worry about.
I got you watching my back.
It's getting pretty rowdy out there.
Wait till the booze and drugs
kick in after sunset.
Hell of a makeover. girl.
- You ready. Brandi?
Meeting my contact in five.
Okay. We just need you to get eyes on Brimstone.
hope he leads you to the girls.
You won't be able to hear us...
...but this has a mic.
Watch your ass. girl.
Whoo!
This could've been a mistake.
She is catching a lot of looks.
I'd be more worried if a bunch
of horned-up bikers weren't eying her.
Don't see any signs of the girls.
Be ready to roll if you do.
I got eyes on Squirrel.
Okay. here we go.
Well. hello.
Ow!
Whoo!
You got some brass showing up here. Brandi.
Johnny Law showed up right after you ghosted me.
Half our chapter got rolled.
I got pinched. too.
Idaho City with two pounds of crystal.
Mm. Some story.
Oh. yeah?
Two years.
Pocatello.
Oh. that's the thanks I get
for not dropping a dime on you?
Think you can just roll up
and pick things up right where you left them?
I got an old lady now. Remember Charlene?
I'm here on business.
Hmm.
Got fresh product I need to move.
I moved up the ranks.
I don't do small-time deals anymore.
Oh. honey.
Small-time. huh?
That's pure glass.
I've got five here. ten more ready to go.
I'm looking for a partner.
You know anyone who can move this?
I got just the guy. baby.
This guy's top of the food chain around here.
- Uh-huh. - I'll do the talking.
Damn. Belle's pretty smooth.
If the best lies are 90% true.
I got questions for her.
If Brimstone's not the runner she's meeting.
we're gonna have to improvise.
What the hell's this?
Former old lady of mine.
She has a business proposition for you.
- What you got for me? - I don't know.
that depends.
Who the hell are you?
Nomad.
They call me Brimstone. honey.
You weren't kidding.
How much you got?
Fifteen kilos.
bagged...
...and ready.
And you want me to move it for you?
That's right.
I cook. you sell.
That's the deal.
Hmm.
Not so sure we can be partners. since something ain't adding up.
The hell you doing with that skid mark Squirrel?
I don't know.
I guess I always saw it as a stepping stone.
to something...
...bigger.
Better.
Making a run to Calgary tonight with some other product.
Buyer will take yours. too.
Sit tight. I'll be back later to consummate our partnership.
Sounds more like d-drugs than girls.
- What's in Calgary? - A wagon wheel.
If it's illegal in Canada. they run it through there.
Girls make it to the distro center.
they'll be split up and sold out.
And gone for good.
I'm just gonna go pop a squat...
Yeah. I know you.
Your hair's different. but I've seen you before.
Huh.
Was it Sturgis?
No.
- It was Lone Star. - No.
I think it was third base at the blackjack table
at the Laughing Elk a few weeks back.
Mm-hmm.
Your name is Turek or something.
Let's go.
Brimstone wouldn't like you putting your hands
- on his new lady. - Her cover's blown.
Turek? No. he's got her
confused with some other person.
She's gonna sort this out.
We move in. the girls disappear. She's got it.
If this guy jams Belle up.
we're never gonna get eyes on Brimstone.
...off of me.
Yeah?
And the club doesn't take too kindly
to infiltrators. so let's go.
Okay. go. Keep your head down.
Hey. You got any beer?
Where does Brimstone keep his cargo?
- What the hell's going on? - Baby.
he put his hands all over me!
- Son of a bitch. - Ah...
Behind enemy lines now.
And those girls are about to be in the wind.
- Where's Brimstone? - After all that.
you're a pig?
- Wrong answer.
Come on. Squirrel. help us out.
- Go to hell. - You want a life with Charlene.
or you want to spend the rest of your days in jail?
Tell me how Brimstone's moving the girls.
I don't know anything about any girls.
Okay. okay!
He's moving stuff in the box truck out back.
Okay. eyes up for Brimstone's truck.
We're never gonna make it through this.
U.S. Marshals! Clear out!
Let's go!
Eyes on.
They're on the move.
Hey! Brimstone.
I want to renegotiate.
I knew you were gonna be high-maintenance.
Hey! Hey!
Feds are here! The Feds are here!
Cover me.
Move!
Drugs.
We're U.S. Marshals. You're safe.
You did it. You led us here.
The place with the trees.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Chairman Rainwater wanted me to share his thanks.
Girls are all recovering in the IHS hospital.
Reunited with their families.
Appreciate you taking on this fight.
That's what this team was stood up for.
Causes like this.
We do this job because others can't.
We wouldn't have done it without our very own Mata Hari here.
Well. it got a little dicier than I had hoped.
Hey. what was that guy going on about.
seeing you at the casino?
Who knows?
That guy was hyped up on something.
Yeah. he was.
I buy you more as a biker babe than a card shark.
Must be ready to shed this persona.
Right?
Back to reality.
Maddie?
I'm better at finding missing girls
than I am reconnecting with my own.
Look. if you want. I will be your wingman tonight.
We can go to the bar...
...just force the issue on her.
Think I'm gonna savor the victory
rather than face another defeat with Maddie.
Yeah.
Now that we found the girls...
...figured I'd share this with you.
The building across from mine has a unit available.
If you're looking to leave Broken Rock.
you could do a lot worse.
Right. Thanks.
Don't get mad.
I'm keeping my distance this time.
Maneater sure is beautiful.
Perfect for your mother.
You seem weirdly happy today.
That mean you're making progress with Hayley?
We got her back. son.
All ten girls have been reunited with their families.
And you found your own way to honor Mom.
It's weird seeing you back on the rez.
I'm just glad you decided to do this.
I'm here to support you. son.
I just wish I'd found Mom's necklace.
But I guess I'd rather have you here.
Lala!
Good to see you.
Now here's a ghost I didn't think we'd see here today.
Losing Monica was painful enough.
Your presence makes me feel like...
...I haven't lost another son. too.
Afraid you're stuck with me. sir.
Thank you.
Thank you. son.
Come on. grandson. let's go.
This is a surprise.
Day's been full of them. Good ones.
Finding Hayley and those girls was the cure we all needed.
Yeah. I once told Monica
that she made a difference because she risked everything.
Perhaps she learned that from you.
It's an honor. to remember the ones we've loved.
If we can bleed together.
well. we can grieve together.
I appreciate y'all coming.
Are you gonna stand? For Monica?
No. I'm-a leave that to Tate and his grandpa.
Thank you. Miles.
We're so glad you're here.
We're proud of you. Miles.
Doesn't look like anyone's gonna evict you after all.
I'm not going anywhere.
Excuse us.
Auntie.
I'm sorry I let you and Ava down.
Stop it. Miles.
Thanks to you. I can finally begin to grieve.
Welcome. to all.
This is our way
of acknowledging the spirits
of our Broken Rock family
who departed over the past year.
Here. they will be readied
and safeguarded for their journey.
Will the families come forward?
You found it?
Been clinging to it since Mom left us.
Maybe it's time I start letting go.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm